1. Power BI services?
Ans:- Power BI services is a cloud based business analytics service that enable
any one to visualize and data analysis will generator speed efficient and
understanding. It will give a single view of your most critical data.
Power BI support wide support wide range of data sources. Power BI has
several components that helps users created and share data reports.

2. What are the Limitations of Power BI?
Ans:- Schedule refresh is not there. We can’t share it with any one, through
power bi desktop

3. What is Power Pivot?
Ans:- It will allows us to connect multiple sources. We can load the data. We
can create relationship between the data and here we will create measure.

4. What is Power View?
Ans:- With the help of power view we can create visualization

5. What is Power Query?
Ans:- It will perform transformations, SQL operations can be performed in
power bi with query. Direct query is a direct connection to data source, data
will not be stored in power bi model.
Power bi will be a visualizations layer, then query the data from data source
every time(Table name, Column Name, Relationship) but not the data.
Example:- SQL SERVER, SAP HANA, AZURA SQL DATABASE, AMAZON REDSHIFT

6. Name some Commonly used tasks in the query editor?
Ans:- 1. Connect to data 
          2. Shape and combine data
          3. Group rows 
          4. Pivot columns
          5. Create custom columns 6. Query formulas


7. What are the components of Power Bi?
Ans.) Components of Power BI are
1. Power query:- In power query we can able to do transformation like
changing data types, deleting duplicates etc.
2. Power pivot :- In Power pivot will do modelling and will connect to different
sources and also can view the data.
3. Power view:- In Power view we can able to generate the visuals.
4. Power Map:- Lets you create geospatial representation of your data.
5. Power Q & A:- Lets you use natural language to get answer to query.

8. What are the building blocks of Power BI?
Ans.)  Following are the building blocks of power BI
1. Visualization:- Visualization is a charts, graphs or similar visual
representation of data.
2. Dataset:- A dataset is the group of data used to create a visualization, such
as a column of sales figures. Dataset can be combine and filtered from
different source using built in connectors
3. Reports:- A report is a group of visualization on one or more pages
4. Dashboard:- Dashboard is a collection of tiles.
5. Tile:- Tile is single visual pin from report.

9. What is data size in power BI.
Ans:- The file size limit is 1GB in PRO and 10GB for premium members/users.

10. What is Direct Query?
Ans:- Direct query is a direct connection to data source. Data will not be stored
in power BI model. Power BI will be a visualization layer, then query the data
from data source every time. Power BI only store metadata of table (Table
Name, Column name, relationship......) but not the data.
Example:- SQL SERVER, SAP HANA, AZURE SQL database, Amazon Redshift.


11. How many records we are able to see in your power bi desktop.
Ans:- 1 Million

12. What are the difference sources that you worked on?
Ans:- Excel, SQL Server, CSV Files and Azure SQL Server.

13. What is dashboard?
Ans:- A dashboard is a collections tiles. Tile is nothing but a visual pin from the
report

14. Can we delete datasets in pro from works space?
Ans:- Yes

15. What are the power BI services?
Ans:- It can do all admin activities of power bi, It is a web based server.
1. We can schedule refresh 2. We can create dashboard
3. We can share the reports 4. We can apply securities

16. What is Relationship? How many types of relationship?
Ans:-
 ->When you import multiple tables, you are going to do some analysis
using data from all those tables.
-> Relationship between those table are necessary in order to accurate
calculate result and display the correct information in your reports.
->Power BI desktop makes creating those relationship easy. The auto
detect feature can do it for you.
->If you query two or more table at the sometime, when the data is
loaded, power bi desktop attempts to find and create relationship for
you.
->Cardinality, cross filter direction and active properties are automatically
set
Types of Relationships
1. Active Relationship.
2. De-active Relationship.


Active Relationship:-
This means the relationship service as the active, default relationship. Where
there is more than one relationship provides a way of power bi desktop to
automatically create visualizations that include both table.

17. What is Cardinality?
Ans:- The cardinality of the relationship means having unique or multiple
instances per value for the joining field between two tables.
Cardinality defined by the relationship. Cardinality refers to the relationship
between two tables. Cardinality can be of 3 types
1. Many to One
2. One to Many
3. Many to Many
The cardinality refers to the uniqueness of a columns in a table. The columns
with all unique values would be having the high cardinality and the columns
with all duplicates values would be having the low cardinality.

18. What is Bi-Directional Cross filters/ What is Cross Filter?
Ans:- Cross filtering is nothing but relationship between two tables. Cross
filtering, filters the data in two ways
1. Single
2. Both
Single:- If we have parent and child table, If I can apply single direction filter
the data in parent table automatically it will effect /filter the child table.

If I can filter the data in child table it will not filter the parent table.
Both:- if we apply both directions filtering then the data get changes in both
the tables even if we modify in single table.

Edit RelationshipCross Filter Direction  Select both and Apply security
filter in both directions.

Parent Table Child Table

Parent Table Child Table


19. Can we delete report/dataset from workspace?
Ans:- Yes, Once the app get published we cannot delete it until unless we
un-publish the app.

20. Is dataset and report different?
Ans:- At desktop level both are same but in the service we can see at different
levels.

21. What is Dashboard?
Ans:- A dashboard is a collections tiles. Tile is nothing but a visual pin from the
report

22. Can we create a dashboard from visual from multiple page with the
report or multiple report?
Ans:- Yes

23. What is Dataset?
Ans:- A data set is a collection of related, discrete items of related data that
may be accessed individually or in combination or managed as a whole entity.

24. Can we import data direct power BI service?
Ans:- Yes (Through get data)

25. What is difference b/w Dataset and Power BI dataset?
Ans:- No, Both are same.

26. Can connect direct query excel?
Ans:- Yes

27. Can we can get the data through need to SQL Script?
Ans:- Yes

28. What are Reports?
Ans:- A power BI report is a series of visualizations, filters and static elements
on a canvas. Power BI reports are saved as a single PBIX file and connect to a
single dataset.


29. What are the different types of sharing we have
Ans:- By App, Through Content packs, By email

30. How can you import local images in to power BI desktop?
Ans:- Using BASE64 code we will convert to local image to binary code then we
will use images in required reports.
Go to Get data-> select More Options and Choose Folder option-> Give path
of Image folder->Click Edit
And Select Invoke Custom functions and select Given Folder Name (It will
convert image to BASE64 code as separate column)->Close and apply.
Than Change data category (above created column)-> Image URL