31. Difference between Power BI Pro and premium?
Ans:-
Power BI Pro Power BI Premium
Maximum storage 10GB Per Users Maximum storage 100GB Per Users
Maximum size of individual data set 1GB Maximum size of individual data set 10 GB
Maximum no.of Automatic refresh per day 8 Maximum no.of Automatic refresh per day 
Able to publish reports to be shared Unable to publish reports to be shared
Unable do incremental data refresh Able do incremental data refresh
Licensed by deducted cloud computed and
storage server not available

Licensed by deducted cloud computed and
storage server available

32. What is RLS?
Ans:- Row level security is the ability to filter content based on a user's role.
Both Direct Query and data imported to the model support RLS
Note: If the members of the group associated to the Workspace have edit
permissions, row level security in Power BI will be ignored.
SSAS: SQL Server Analysis Services implements RLS on its own. SSAS requires
the enterprise gateway to implement LiveConnection and RLS. RLS is
supported by using EffectiveUserName on the connection from Power BI to the
on-premises SSAS instance.


33. Using the username() or userprincipalname() DAX function?
Ans:- username() will return a user in the format of DOMAIN\User
userprincipalname() will return a user in the format of user@boyinasoft.com.
Within the Power BI service, username() and userprincipalname() will both
return the user's User Principal Name (UPN). This looks similar to an email
address.

34. Can I use RLS to limit the columns or measures accessible by my users?
Answer: No. If a user has access to a particular row of data, they can see all
the columns of data for that row.

35. Does RLS let me hide detailed data but give access to data summarized in
visuals?
Answer: No, you secure individual rows of data but users can always see either
the details or the summarized data.

36. Creating Static RLS?
Ans:- Security model doesn't change dynamically for each logged in user
Create Roles in Power BI Desktop--> Test Roles in Desktop
Publish to Power BI Service ---------> Add Users to Power BI Service

37. Creating Dynamic RLS?
Ans:- Static RLS is about creating roles manually, If we have too many Roles to
create Static RLS is not an option. Thus comes the Dynamic RLS.
Example: if you want to restrict the user based on the state then we need to
create Role for each state.

38. What if I had previously created roles and rules for a dataset in the
Power BI service? Will they still work if I do nothing?
Answer: No. Visuals will not render properly. You will have to re-create the
roles and rules within Power BI Desktop and then publish to the Power BI
service.

39. What is visual?
Ans:- A visual is a graphic representation of the data in your model.


40. Can I create these roles for Analysis Services data sources?
Answer: You can if you imported the data into Power BI Desktop. If you are
using a live connection, you will not be able to configure RLS within the Power
BI service. This is defined within the Analysis Services model on-premises.

41. Can I use RLS to limit the columns or measures accessible by my users?
Answer: No. If a user has access to a particular row of data, they can see all the
columns of data for that row.

42. Does RLS let me hide detailed data but give access to data summarized in
visuals?
Answer: No, you secure individual rows of data but users can always see either
the details or the summarized data.

43. Can I use a custom URL as a hyperlink in a table or matrix?
Ans:- No. You can use a link icon. If you need custom text for your hyperlinks
and your list of URLs is short, consider using a text box instead.

44. What is Reports?
Ans:- A collection of visuals in one Power BI Desktop file is called a report. A
report can have one or more pages just like an Excel file can have one or more
worksheets.

45. Can we delete datasets in pro from works space?
Ans:- Yes

46. Can we create a dashboard from visuals from multiple pages within the
report?
Ans:- Yes, we can create a dashboard from multiple pages .

47. Can we create a dashboard from visuals from multiple reports?
Ans:- Yes we can create a dashboard from visuals from multiple reports.

48. Can we create reports in service?
Ans:- Yes we can create reports in service.

49. Can we create Calculated columns and measures in Service?
Ans:- No, we cannot create calculated columns and measures in service


50. What are the difference between filters?
Ans:-
Filter is used to filter the data statically at developer level, and share limited
data to the users by using filters we can restrict the data.
There are three types filters are here
1. Visual Level Filter
2. Report Level Filter
3. Page Level Filter
Visual Level Filter:- This Visual level filter applies to a single visual on a report
page.
Report Level Filter:- Report level filter applies to all pages in the report or this
filter works on the entire report. It will works on all pages and all visualizations.
Page Level Filter:- Page level filter applies all the visual on the report page.
This filters works at reports page level. Difference pages in the same report can
have different page level filter