
Find the Verbs

1. Jake is pointing to who was selected as the valedictorian
2. Jen and I are the students who got the lead parts in the performance.
3. Sam had to decide whom he would choose to join his team.
4. People who eat healthy are usually in better health.
5. The fans gave a round of applause to whoever volunteered to sing
6. My cousin, who lives Dallas, is my very best friend.
7. The teacher is always unhappy with whoever doesn't do their homework
8. I think he walked the dog.
19. They are the boys who have won all of the track events this year.
10. The students whom we have nominated will vote for their president
11. Did your sister break the window?
12. Please roll the dice.
13. Faria brought treats for whomever the choir decided to honor after the show
14. Bella and she were the chefs who cooked the fabulous dinner.
15. Everybody was happy with whom the class got as its teacher.

----------------------------------------------


﻿

Action Verbs Worksheet (Circling Part 1)
An action verb is aword that names an action. It may contain more than oneword. It may contain a helping verb.
Directions: Circlethe action verb or verbs in each sentence given below.
Example: We performed well at the concert
Answer: performed


1. My sister turned in her homework late.
2. I had to fix my bike beforel rode it.
3. I held my mother's hand when I walked into the amusement park.
4. My younger brother slept early the night before his test.
5. The teacher guided us through the remaining problems.
6. My friend is always the first to reply to my invitation request.
7. My dad had to return the movie he rented for us.
8. Make sure to return your roller skates before you go home.
9. I made sure to arrive on time to my first practice.
10. My dad built me ago-cart for my birth day.
11. I didn't want to break any bones if I fell off my skateboard.
12. The health teach er monitored us as weran.
13. My friend wanted to trade his baseball card for mine.
14. My teacher had to order new headphones for the class.
15. My sister turned in her homework late.
16. I had to fix my bike beforel rode it.

---------------------------------------------------------

﻿


Underline the verbs in each sentence.
1 The Army protect the community and support other countries also.
2. All of the students who received an award, were invited to a celebration dinner.
3. Their coach was so thrilled with their win that he jumped and shouted with joy!
4. Many of the workers in the city would walk to the station and catch the train each day.
5. The band performed in front of an excited crowd who sang and danced.
6. Drew and his friends chased the bus until they realised it was too late and they had missed it.
7. The weather continued to worsen so the flight was cancelled.
8. Once the rain cleared the flight was rescheduled.
9. The taxi driver took a shortcut and avoided the toll road.
10. Once they arrived they paid the driver their fare.
caytrenengahworksheets
