Prepare the following interview question. We can have a mock on Monday. 

Tell me about yourself
average salary per grade
which employee got highest hike in feb
which grade has got maximum salary
who are the new employee who are joined in feb

puzzels
there are 50 white socks and 50 black socks
1.what are the minimum number of socks you should pick so that u get any one pair
2.what are the minimum number of socks you should pick so that u get one pair of black socks

there are 8 pebbles which are identical, among them 7 weigh same but 8th pebble weigh more. by using a balance in how many minimum iterations we can find the 8th pebbble
‐-----------
1) Introduce yourself
2) Explain about your projects and roles and responsibilities
3) What are the libraries you have imported to connect to AWS s3 and converting that file to dataframe and syntax.
4) Imported one file from s3 then how will you verify the number of records by using dataframe and syntax.
5) How to remove unwanted column from a table?
6) How to remove duplicate values.
7) How to replace empty places.
8) Verify the number of records by using dataframe in pandas.
9) What are the libraries you have used.
10) write a code to convert to datetime with the format of(yy-mm-dd)
11) Difference between delete and Truncate.
12) Difference between List and Tuple
13) Given scenario on count occurrences of a character in string.
14) Joins types
15) What is DML and DDL
16) Give one scenario on mysql sub query(detail of employees whose salary is greater than average salary)
17) How can you add a new column to existing table?
18) What is set
19) Difference between union and intersection
20) What is PySpark and it will work
21) what is RDD
22) Difference between dataframe and RDD
23) What is filter
24) what is map
25) what is groupby given one scenario and syntax
26) What is lambda and type of function you have used on that
27) Verify the number of records by using dataframe in PySpark.
28) What are the transformation operation you have used.
29) What are the action operation you have used.
30) Difference between map and flatmap.
31) Aggregation function on pyspark.
32) Given one scenario on groupby and aggregate function.